terraform/README.adoc, before:

= Angkor Infrastructure (Terraform)

====
This is the getting started readme for the *Angkor Terraform Module* in the `/infra` subfolder,
for general Information on the Project please refer to the readme in the Project root!
====


== Preparation

Copy the templates for terraform backend configuration and terraform variables and
set values according to your news.

WARNING: Both files must *not* be placed under version control

----
cp terraform-backend.tf.tmpl
cp terraform.tfvars.tmpl terraform.tfvars
----

----
$ tfswitch
Reading file .terraform-version
Switched terraform to version "0.14.9"

$ terraform init
Initializing modules...
(...)
Terraform has been successfully initialized!
----

Create `release.auto.tfvars` (which should not be versioned either) to store the current release
----
$ echo -n 'release = "v0.11.0"' > release.auto.tfvars
----

== Build

* Make sure `AWS_PROFILE` is set and points to a valid config in your `~/.aws` dir
* Run `make` without args to see all supported targets (which mostly delegate to Terraform CLI)

----
$ make
apply                          terraform apply --auto-approve (applies without prompting)
check                          terraform fmt -check (Check if input is formatted, return != 0 if not)
deploy                         alias for target 'apply'
fmt                            runs terraform fmt (Reformat your configuration in the standard style)
init                           runs terraform init (Prepare your working directory for other commands)
plan                           runs terraform plan (includes targets fmt and validate)
release                        manage release info based on latest git tag and release.auto.tfvars
tfswitch                       runs tfswitch if the binary exists and .terraform-version is present
----
== Useful Tools
----
$ brew install warrensbox/tap/tfswitch
tfswitch 0.12.1092 is already installed

$ tfswitch
Reading file .terraform-version
Switched terraform to version "0.14.9"
----

Commit message:

use tomap instead of map syntax which has been removed with tf 0.15

terraform/README.adoc, after:

= Angkor Infrastructure (Terraform)

====
This is the getting started readme for the *Angkor Terraform Module* in the `/infra` subfolder,
for general Information on the Project please refer to the readme in the Project root!
====


== Preparation

Copy the templates for terraform backend configuration and terraform variables and
set values according to your news.

WARNING: Both files must *not* be placed under version control

----
cp terraform-backend.tf.tmpl
cp terraform.tfvars.tmpl terraform.tfvars
----

----
$ tfswitch
Reading file .terraform-version
Switched terraform to version "0.14.9"

$ terraform init
Initializing modules...
(...)
Terraform has been successfully initialized!
----

Create `release.auto.tfvars` (which should not be versioned either) to store the current release
----
$ echo -n 'release = "v0.11.0"' > release.auto.tfvars
----

== Build

* Make sure `AWS_PROFILE` is set and points to a valid config in your `~/.aws` dir
* Run `make` without args to see all supported targets (which mostly delegate to Terraform CLI)

----
$ make
apply                          terraform apply --auto-approve (applies without prompting)
check                          terraform fmt -check (Check if input is formatted, return != 0 if not)
deploy                         alias for target 'apply'
fmt                            runs terraform fmt (Reformat your configuration in the standard style)
init                           runs terraform init (Prepare your working directory for other commands)
plan                           runs terraform plan (includes targets fmt and validate)
release                        manage release info based on latest git tag and release.auto.tfvars
tfswitch                       runs tfswitch if the binary exists and .terraform-version is present
----

== Migrate

  3:   tags = map("terraformModule", "release")
│
│ Call to function "map" failed: the "map" function was deprecated in Terraform v0.12 and is no longer available; use tomap({ ... }) syntax to write a literal map.


== Useful Tools
----
$ brew install warrensbox/tap/tfswitch
tfswitch 0.12.1092 is already installed

$ tfswitch
Reading file .terraform-version
Switched terraform to version "0.14.9"
----
