docs/modules/ROOT/pages/db.adoc, before:

= Database and JPA
:toc:

== JPA

https://vladmihalcea.com/prepersist-preupdate-embeddable-jpa-hibernate/[How to use @PrePersist and @PreUpdate on Embeddable with JPA and Hibernate with embedded Audit Entity]

Create Audit Embeddable
[source,java]
----
@Embeddable
public class Audit {
    @Column(name = "created_on")
    private LocalDateTime createdOn;

    @PrePersist
    public void prePersist() {
        createdOn = LocalDateTime.now();
    }
    // (...)
}
----

The use as ....
[source,java]
----
@Entity(name = "Something")
public class Something {
    @Embedded
    private Audit audit = new Audit();
// (...)
}
----

== ElefantSQL PostgreSQL as a Service

In search of a free DB I found https://www.elephantsql.com/[www.elephantsql.com] which provide
free plans for DBs up to *20MB* and *5 concurrent connections* which was perfectly sufficient for my project.
Of course you can also host your own DB or use AWS managed https://aws.amazon.com/rds/?nc1=h_ls[RDS] service

== Create local database
[source,shell script]
----
$ psql
select version();
PostgreSQL 11.5 (Ubuntu 11.5-3.pgdg18.04+1)
create database angkor;
create user angkor;
grant all privileges on database angkor to angkor;

$  psql -U rootuser angkor
CREATE EXTENSION IF NOT EXISTS "uuid-ossp";

$  psql -U angkor -d angkor -f import.sql
----

== Get all backups via API

[source,shell script]
----
curl -u :xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxxx https://api.elephantsql.com/api/backup?db=my-db
----

== Drop all tables w/o dropping schema

As you don't own the public schema in ElefantSQL, you can't drop the entire schema but
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3327312/how-can-i-drop-all-the-tables-in-a-postgresql-database[this] discussion helps

[source,sql]
----
SELECT
  'DROP TABLE IF EXISTS "' || tablename || '" CASCADE;'
from
  pg_tables WHERE schemaname = 'public';
----

== Useful SQL
To test, whether the index can be used, disable sequential scans in a test session (for debugging only!):

 `SET enable_seqscan = OFF;`

== Resources to check

* Don't load all attributes for summary: https://vladmihalcea.com/the-best-way-to-lazy-load-entity-attributes-using-jpa-and-hibernate/[The best way to lazy load entity attributes using JPA and Hibernate]
* https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18896329/export-data-from-dynamodb[export-data-from-dynamodb]
* https://tapoueh.org/blog/2018/04/postgresql-data-types-arrays/[Hashtags as Arrays,Indexing PostgreSQL Arrays for Statistics and Profit]
* https://dba.stackexchange.com/questions/20974/should-i-add-an-arbitrary-length-limit-to-varchar-columns[Should I add an arbitrary length limit to VARCHAR columns?]

Commit message:

support tag array in native queries, display simple chips

docs/modules/ROOT/pages/db.adoc, after:

= Database and JPA
:toc:

== JPA

https://vladmihalcea.com/prepersist-preupdate-embeddable-jpa-hibernate/[How to use @PrePersist and @PreUpdate on Embeddable with JPA and Hibernate with embedded Audit Entity]

Create Audit Embeddable
[source,java]
----
@Embeddable
public class Audit {
    @Column(name = "created_on")
    private LocalDateTime createdOn;

    @PrePersist
    public void prePersist() {
        createdOn = LocalDateTime.now();
    }
    // (...)
}
----

The use as ....
[source,java]
----
@Entity(name = "Something")
public class Something {
    @Embedded
    private Audit audit = new Audit();
// (...)
}
----

== ElefantSQL PostgreSQL as a Service

In search of a free DB I found https://www.elephantsql.com/[www.elephantsql.com] which provide
free plans for DBs up to *20MB* and *5 concurrent connections* which was perfectly sufficient for my project.
Of course you can also host your own DB or use AWS managed https://aws.amazon.com/rds/?nc1=h_ls[RDS] service

== Create local database
[source,shell script]
----
$ psql
select version();
PostgreSQL 11.5 (Ubuntu 11.5-3.pgdg18.04+1)
create database angkor;
create user angkor;
grant all privileges on database angkor to angkor;

$  psql -U rootuser angkor
CREATE EXTENSION IF NOT EXISTS "uuid-ossp";

$  psql -U angkor -d angkor -f import.sql
----

== Get all backups via API

[source,shell script]
----
curl -u :xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxxx https://api.elephantsql.com/api/backup?db=my-db
----

== Drop all tables w/o dropping schema

As you don't own the public schema in ElefantSQL, you can't drop the entire schema but
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3327312/how-can-i-drop-all-the-tables-in-a-postgresql-database[this] discussion helps

[source,sql]
----
SELECT
  'DROP TABLE IF EXISTS "' || tablename || '" CASCADE;'
from
  pg_tables WHERE schemaname = 'public';
----

== Useful SQL

=== Disable sequal scan to test if index is used
To test, whether the index can be used, disable sequential scans in a test session (for debugging only!):

 `SET enable_seqscan = OFF;`

=== Get distinct array values with count

`select unnest(tags) as tag, count(*) from dish group by tag order by count(*) desc;`

== Resources to check

* Don't load all attributes for summary: https://vladmihalcea.com/the-best-way-to-lazy-load-entity-attributes-using-jpa-and-hibernate/[The best way to lazy load entity attributes using JPA and Hibernate]
* https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18896329/export-data-from-dynamodb[export-data-from-dynamodb]
* https://tapoueh.org/blog/2018/04/postgresql-data-types-arrays/[Hashtags as Arrays,Indexing PostgreSQL Arrays for Statistics and Profit]
* https://dba.stackexchange.com/questions/20974/should-i-add-an-arbitrary-length-limit-to-varchar-columns[Should I add an arbitrary length limit to VARCHAR columns?]
