docs/modules/ROOT/pages/infra/db.adoc, before:

= Database
:toc:

== ElefantSQL PostgreSQL as a Service

In search of a free DB I found https://www.elephantsql.com/[www.elephantsql.com] which provide
free plans for DBs up to *20MB* and *5 concurrent connections* which was perfectly sufficient for my project.
Of course you can also host your own DB or use AWS managed https://aws.amazon.com/rds/?nc1=h_ls[RDS] service

== Create local database
[source,shell script]
----
$ psql
select version();
PostgreSQL 11.5 (Ubuntu 11.5-3.pgdg18.04+1)
create database angkor;
create user angkor;
grant all privileges on database angkor to angkor;

$  psql -U rootuser angkor
CREATE EXTENSION IF NOT EXISTS "uuid-ossp";

$  psql -U angkor -d angkor -f import.sql
----

== Get all backups via ElephantSQL API

[source,shell script]
----
curl -u :xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxxx https://api.elephantsql.com/api/backup?db=my-db
----

== Drop all tables w/o dropping schema

As you don't own the public schema in ElefantSQL, you can't drop the entire schema but
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3327312/how-can-i-drop-all-the-tables-in-a-postgresql-database[this] discussion helps

[source,sql]
----
SELECT
  'DROP TABLE IF EXISTS "' || tablename || '" CASCADE;'
from
  pg_tables WHERE schemaname = 'public';
----

== Useful SQL

=== Disable sequal scan to test if index is used
To test, whether the index can be used, disable sequential scans in a test session (for debugging only!):

[source,sql]
----
SET enable_seqscan = OFF;
----

=== Get distinct array values with count

`select unnest(tags) as tag, count(*) from dish group by tag order by count(*) desc;`

.Top 25 Tags - based on : https://tapoueh.org/blog/2018/04/postgresql-data-types-arrays/[postgresql-data-types-arrays]
[source,sql]
----
-- explain (analyze, verbose, costs off, buffers)
select tag, count(*) as count
from place, unnest(tags) as t(tag)
group by tag
order by count desc
limit 25;
----

----
 tag         │ count
 ════════════╪═══════
 #beach      │ 17964
 #snow       │  4776
----

.How many dishes are considered veggy?
[source,sql]
----
-- explain (analyze, verbose, costs off, buffers)
select count(*)
from dish
where tags @> array['veggy'];

----


== Resources to check

* Don't load all attributes for summary: https://vladmihalcea.com/the-best-way-to-lazy-load-entity-attributes-using-jpa-and-hibernate/[The best way to lazy load entity attributes using JPA and Hibernate]
* https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18896329/export-data-from-dynamodb[export-data-from-dynamodb]
* https://tapoueh.org/blog/2018/04/postgresql-data-types-arrays/[Hashtags as Arrays,Indexing PostgreSQL Arrays for Statistics and Profit - VERY GOOD!!!!]
* https://dba.stackexchange.com/questions/20974/should-i-add-an-arbitrary-length-limit-to-varchar-columns[Should I add an arbitrary length limit to VARCHAR columns?]

Commit message:

add hstore to db recreate script

docs/modules/ROOT/pages/infra/db.adoc, after:

= Database
:toc:

== ElefantSQL PostgreSQL as a Service

In search of a free DB I found https://www.elephantsql.com/[www.elephantsql.com] which provide
free plans for DBs up to *20MB* and *5 concurrent connections* which was perfectly sufficient for my project.
Of course you can also host your own DB or use AWS managed https://aws.amazon.com/rds/?nc1=h_ls[RDS] service

== Create local database
[source,shell script]
----
$ psql
select version();
PostgreSQL 11.5 (Ubuntu 11.5-3.pgdg18.04+1)
create database angkor;
create user angkor;
grant all privileges on database angkor to angkor;

$  psql -U rootuser angkor
CREATE EXTENSION IF NOT EXISTS "uuid-ossp";

$  psql -U angkor -d angkor -f import.sql
----

== Get all backups via ElephantSQL API

[source,shell script]
----
curl -u :xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxxx https://api.elephantsql.com/api/backup?db=my-db
----

== Drop all tables w/o dropping schema

As you don't own the public schema in ElefantSQL, you can't drop the entire schema but
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3327312/how-can-i-drop-all-the-tables-in-a-postgresql-database[this] discussion helps

[source,sql]
----
SELECT
  'DROP TABLE IF EXISTS "' || tablename || '" CASCADE;'
from
  pg_tables WHERE schemaname = 'public';
----

== Useful SQL

=== Disable sequal scan to test if index is used
To test, whether the index can be used, disable sequential scans in a test session (for debugging only!):

[source,sql]
----
SET enable_seqscan = OFF;
----

=== Get distinct array values with count

`select unnest(tags) as tag, count(*) from dish group by tag order by count(*) desc;`

.Top 25 Tags - based on : https://tapoueh.org/blog/2018/04/postgresql-data-types-arrays/[postgresql-data-types-arrays]
[source,sql]
----
-- explain (analyze, verbose, costs off, buffers)
select tag, count(*) as count
from place, unnest(tags) as t(tag)
group by tag
order by count desc
limit 25;
----

----
 tag         │ count
 ════════════╪═══════
 #beach      │ 17964
 #snow       │  4776
----

.How many dishes are considered veggy?
[source,sql]
----
-- explain (analyze, verbose, costs off, buffers)
select count(*)
from dish
where tags @> array['veggy'];

----

== Switch to an older Postgres Version after `brew update` (e.g. 13=>12)

homebrew will always try to use the latest major postgres version, if you want to keep an old version to keep it consistent with your staging / prod db, you may have to re-link after running `brew update`

[source,shell script]
----
$ brew info postgresql
postgresql: stable 13.3 (bottled), HEAD
$ brew search postgres
$ brew install postgresql@12
$ brew ublink postgresql
$ brew link postgresql@12
Linking /usr/local/Cellar/postgresql@12/12.7... 456 symlinks created.
----


== Resources to check

* Don't load all attributes for summary: https://vladmihalcea.com/the-best-way-to-lazy-load-entity-attributes-using-jpa-and-hibernate/[The best way to lazy load entity attributes using JPA and Hibernate]
* https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18896329/export-data-from-dynamodb[export-data-from-dynamodb]
* https://tapoueh.org/blog/2018/04/postgresql-data-types-arrays/[Hashtags as Arrays,Indexing PostgreSQL Arrays for Statistics and Profit - VERY GOOD!!!!]
* https://dba.stackexchange.com/questions/20974/should-i-add-an-arbitrary-length-limit-to-varchar-columns[Should I add an arbitrary length limit to VARCHAR columns?]
