angular/README.md, before:

# Angkor UI based on Angular framework

## Overview
Angkor UI is a comprehensive Angular web application for managing and exploring location-based content. It serves as a content management system for places, dishes, notes, photos, videos, tours, and other geographic entities.

## Key Features

### Core Entity Management
- **Places**: Add, edit, and view geographic locations with metadata
- **Dishes**: Culinary content management with photos and details
- **Notes**: Personal notes with speech-to-text capabilities
- **Media**: Photo, video, and tour management with geolocation
- **Areas**: Hierarchical geographic organization
- **Events**: Event tracking and management

### Interactive Features
- **Map Integration**: Mapbox-powered interactive mapping with geocoder
- **Location Search**: Advanced location-based search functionality
- **Tag Cloud**: Visual tag exploration
- **Feeds**: RSS/feed aggregation and display
- **Radio**: Audio streaming component
- **User Profiles**: User management and content association

### Technical Stack
- **Framework**: Angular 16 with TypeScript 4.9+
- **UI Library**: Angular Material 16 with CDK
- **Mapping**: Mapbox GL with ngx-mapbox-gl
- **Testing**: Jest with jest-preset-angular
- **Build**: Angular CLI with production optimizations
- **Mock Server**: JSON Server for development data

## Architecture

### Domain Models
Located in `src/app/domain/` with TypeScript interfaces:
- Area, Dish, Event, Link, Location, Note, Place, POI, Tag, User

### Feature Modules
- `areas/` - Geographic area management
- `dishes/` - Culinary content CRUD
- `places/` - Location management
- `notes/` - Note-taking with speech
- `locatables/` - Location-based media (photos, videos, tours, posts)
- `map/` - Interactive mapping
- `shared/` - Reusable components and services

### Services
- Store services for state management
- Authentication and authorization
- File upload and media handling
- Geolocation and mapping services
- Logging and error handling

## Development

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18.13+ or 20.0+
- Yarn package manager
- Angular CLI 16.2+

### Quick Start
```bash
yarn install
yarn start          # Development server
yarn mock           # Mock API server (port 8080)
```

### Available Scripts
- `yarn test` - Run Jest test suite
- `yarn test:coverage` - Run tests with coverage
- `yarn lint` - ESLint code analysis
- `yarn build:prod` - Production build
- `yarn mock:delay` - Mock server with 3s delay

### Testing
- Unit tests with Jest
- Component testing
- Coverage reporting
- E2E tests with Protractor

## Configuration
- Environment-specific configs in `environments/`
- Proxy configuration for API calls
- Docker support with included Dockerfile
- Nginx configuration for production deployment

## Notable Integrations
- YouTube Player for video content
- Markdown support for rich text
- File upload with Imagine module
- Rating system
- Tag management
- Speech-to-text for notes
- RSS feed processing

This project demonstrates a mature Angular application with comprehensive CRUD operations, real-time features, and modern development practices.

## Legacy Notes

### Refactor crud components for different entities

```shell script
for ext in ts html scss; find src/app -name "*.$ext" -exec rename -v 's/product/place/' {} \;; done
for ext in ts html; do find src/app -name "*.$ext" -exec gsed -i 's/prod_price/price/g' {} \;; done
```


This source code is part of [Angular 8 Tutorial: Learn to Build Angular 8 CRUD Web App](https://www.djamware.com/post/5d0eda6f80aca754f7a9d1f5/angular-8-tutorial-learn-to-build-angular-8-crud-web-app)

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.3.3.

### Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

### Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

### Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

### Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

### Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

### Update Angular 17 Diary

* Check https://angular.dev/update-guide?v=16.0-17.0&l=2
* Angular v17 supports Zone.js version 0.14.x or later.

```
nvm install v22.21.0 && nvm use v22.21.0
ng update @angular/core@17 @angular/cli@17
The installed Angular CLI version is outdated.
Installing a temporary Angular CLI versioned 17.3.17 to perform the update.
                 Package "@angular-eslint/schematics" has an incompatible peer dependency to "@angular/cli" (requires ">= 16.0.0 < 17.0.0", would install "17.3.17").
using --force
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular-devkit/build-angular @ "17.3.17" (was "16.2.16")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/cli @ "17.3.17" (was "16.2.16")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/compiler-cli @ "17.3.12" (was "16.2.12")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/language-service @ "17.3.12" (was "16.2.12")...
    Updating package.json with dependency typescript @ "5.4.5" (was "4.9.5")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/animations @ "17.3.12" (was "16.2.12")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/common @ "17.3.12" (was "16.2.12")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/compiler @ "17.3.12" (was "16.2.12")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/core @ "17.3.12" (was "16.2.12")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/forms @ "17.3.12" (was "16.2.12")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/platform-browser @ "17.3.12" (was "16.2.12")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/platform-browser-dynamic @ "17.3.12" (was "16.2.12")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/router @ "17.3.12" (was "16.2.12")...
UPDATE package.json (3796 bytes)      

✔ Packages successfully installed.
** Executing migrations of package '@angular/cli' **

❯ Replace usages of '@nguniversal/builders' with '@angular-devkit/build-angular'.
  Migration completed (No changes made).

❯ Replace usages of '@nguniversal/' packages with '@angular/ssr'.
  Migration completed (No changes made).

❯ Replace deprecated options in 'angular.json'.
UPDATE angular.json (3335 bytes)
  Migration completed (1 file modified).

❯ Add 'browser-sync' as dev dependency when '@angular-devkit/build-angular:ssr-dev-server' is used, as it is no longer a direct dependency of '@angular-devkit/build-angular'.
  Migration completed (No changes made).

** Executing migrations of package '@angular/core' **

❯ Angular v17 introduces a new control flow syntax that uses the @ and } characters.
  This migration replaces the existing usages with their corresponding HTML entities.
  Migration completed (No changes made).

❯ Updates `TransferState`, `makeStateKey`, `StateKey` imports from `@angular/platform-browser` to `@angular/core`.
  Migration completed (No changes made).

❯ CompilerOption.useJit and CompilerOption.missingTranslation are unused under Ivy.
  This migration removes their usage
  Migration completed (No changes made).

❯ Updates two-way bindings that have an invalid expression to use the longform expression instead.
  Migration completed (No changes made).

```
```
make test
Test Suites: 4 skipped, 57 passed, 57 of 61 total
Tests:       4 skipped, 76 passed, 80 total
Snapshots:   0 total
Time:        9.082 s
Ran all test suites.
✨  Done in 10.24s.  
✖
```
```
make build
/src/app/shared/components/common.component.scss?ngResource - Error: Module build failed (from ./node_modules/sass-loader/dist/cjs.js):
Can't find stylesheet to import.
   ╷
15 │ @import 'node_modules/@angular/material/theming';
   │         ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
   ╵
  src/app/shared/components/common.component.scss 15:9  root stylesheet
```
Also test will fail once upgrading angular material and angular cdk to 17.3.10

Error in Production Build
```
dishes.component.ts:53 
ERROR TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'addHandler')
    at core.mjs:976:42
    at Array.forEach (<anonymous>)
    at X0.setupTriggerEvents (core.mjs:975:27)
    at t._setupTriggerEventsIfEnabled (core.mjs:1212:34)
    at t.ngOnInit (core.mjs:1172:14)
    at zt (core.mjs:5136:14)
    at ti (core.mjs:5163:13)
    at Ge (core.mjs:5118:17)
    at rt (core.mjs:5068:9)
    at AD (core.mjs:12806:21)
```
```
RippleRenderer._eventManager.addHandler(this._ngZone, type, element, this);
```

Troubleshooting tips: https://balramchavan.medium.com/troubleshooting-angular-production-build-errors-uncaught-typeerror-cannot-read-properties-of-f84af0de873

set sourceMap to true in angular.json (for debugging only)
Workaround 1: Set "optimization": false in `angular.json` (error is gone).
Tip: optimization either takes a boolean or  an object to fine-tune optimizations.
It's sufficient to disable optimization for scripts (see [workspace configuration](https://angular.dev/reference/configs/workspace-config#optimization-configuration))
BUT: main.js size will be doubled

Workaround 2: Keep script optimization to true, and only disable buildOptimizer!
Also fixes the problem, but the resulting main.js file will be much smaller (but not as small as with "buildOptimizer": true

```
 "optimization": {
    "scripts": true,
    "styles": true,
    "fonts": true
  },
 "buildOptimizer": false,
 
```


### Update Angular Material 17

```
$ ng update @angular/material@17
Node.js version v25.2.1 detected.
Odd numbered Node.js versions will not enter LTS status and should not be used for production. For more information, please see https://nodejs.org/en/about/previous-releases/.
Using package manager: yarn
Collecting installed dependencies...
Found 44 dependencies.
Fetching dependency metadata from registry...
Updating package.json with dependency @angular/cdk @ "17.3.10" (was "16.2.14")...
Updating package.json with dependency @angular/material @ "17.3.10" (was "16.2.14")...
UPDATE package.json (3796 bytes)
✔ Packages successfully installed.
** Executing migrations of package '@angular/cdk' **

❯ Updates the Angular CDK to v17.

      ✓  Updated Angular CDK to version 17

Migration completed (No changes made).

** Executing migrations of package '@angular/material' **

❯ Updates Angular Material to v17.
Cannot update to Angular Material v17 because the project is using the legacy Material components
that have been deleted. While Angular Material v16 is compatible with Angular v17, it is recommended
to switch away from the legacy components as soon as possible because they no longer receive bug fixes,
accessibility improvements and new features.

    Read more about migrating away from legacy components: https://material.angular.io/guide/mdc-migration
```



### Update Angular 16 Diary

* Jest ^29 -> OK (but "ts-jest[versions] (WARN) Version 29.7.0 of jest installed has not been tested with ts-jest. If you're experiencing issues, consider using a supported version (>=28.0.0 <29.0.0-0). Please do not report issues in ts-jest if you are using unsupported versions" but ts-jest 29.1 is latest)
* jest-preset-angular 12 -> 13 also no problem but
```
* $ npx jest
  Determining test suites to run...
  ngcc-jest-processor: running ngcc
  Processing legacy "View Engine" libraries:
- ngx-web-storage [main/commonjs] (git+https://github.com/tim-kuteev/ngx-web-storage.git)
- Encourage the library authors to publish an Ivy distribution.
```
* zone.js must be <14 for angular 15 @angular/core@15.2.9" has incorrect peer dependency "zone.js@~0.11.4 || ~0.12.0 || ~0.13.0"
* https://angular.io/guide/update-to-version-16 and https://update.angular.io/?v=15.0-16.0
* ake sure that you are using a supported version of TypeScript before you upgrade your application. Angular v16 supports TypeScript version 4.9.3 or later.
* Make sure that you are using a supported version of Zone.js before you upgrade your application. Angular v16 supports Zone.js version 0.13.x or later.
* Due to the removal of the Angular Compatibility Compiler (ngcc) in v16, projects on v16 and later no longer support View Engine libraries.

```
ng update --allow-dirty @angular/cdk  @angular/core  @angular/material @angular/youtube-player  @angular/cli @angular-eslint/schematics
```

Commit message:

add Runtime errors when using buildOptimizer. JIT compilation broken

angular/README.md, after:

# Angkor UI based on Angular framework

## Overview
Angkor UI is a comprehensive Angular web application for managing and exploring location-based content. It serves as a content management system for places, dishes, notes, photos, videos, tours, and other geographic entities.

## Key Features

### Core Entity Management
- **Places**: Add, edit, and view geographic locations with metadata
- **Dishes**: Culinary content management with photos and details
- **Notes**: Personal notes with speech-to-text capabilities
- **Media**: Photo, video, and tour management with geolocation
- **Areas**: Hierarchical geographic organization
- **Events**: Event tracking and management

### Interactive Features
- **Map Integration**: Mapbox-powered interactive mapping with geocoder
- **Location Search**: Advanced location-based search functionality
- **Tag Cloud**: Visual tag exploration
- **Feeds**: RSS/feed aggregation and display
- **Radio**: Audio streaming component
- **User Profiles**: User management and content association

### Technical Stack
- **Framework**: Angular 16 with TypeScript 4.9+
- **UI Library**: Angular Material 16 with CDK
- **Mapping**: Mapbox GL with ngx-mapbox-gl
- **Testing**: Jest with jest-preset-angular
- **Build**: Angular CLI with production optimizations
- **Mock Server**: JSON Server for development data

## Architecture

### Domain Models
Located in `src/app/domain/` with TypeScript interfaces:
- Area, Dish, Event, Link, Location, Note, Place, POI, Tag, User

### Feature Modules
- `areas/` - Geographic area management
- `dishes/` - Culinary content CRUD
- `places/` - Location management
- `notes/` - Note-taking with speech
- `locatables/` - Location-based media (photos, videos, tours, posts)
- `map/` - Interactive mapping
- `shared/` - Reusable components and services

### Services
- Store services for state management
- Authentication and authorization
- File upload and media handling
- Geolocation and mapping services
- Logging and error handling

## Development

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18.13+ or 20.0+
- Yarn package manager
- Angular CLI 16.2+

### Quick Start
```bash
yarn install
yarn start          # Development server
yarn mock           # Mock API server (port 8080)
```

### Available Scripts
- `yarn test` - Run Jest test suite
- `yarn test:coverage` - Run tests with coverage
- `yarn lint` - ESLint code analysis
- `yarn build:prod` - Production build
- `yarn mock:delay` - Mock server with 3s delay

### Testing
- Unit tests with Jest
- Component testing
- Coverage reporting
- E2E tests with Protractor

## Configuration
- Environment-specific configs in `environments/`
- Proxy configuration for API calls
- Docker support with included Dockerfile
- Nginx configuration for production deployment

## Notable Integrations
- YouTube Player for video content
- Markdown support for rich text
- File upload with Imagine module
- Rating system
- Tag management
- Speech-to-text for notes
- RSS feed processing

This project demonstrates a mature Angular application with comprehensive CRUD operations, real-time features, and modern development practices.

## Legacy Notes

### Refactor crud components for different entities

```shell script
for ext in ts html scss; find src/app -name "*.$ext" -exec rename -v 's/product/place/' {} \;; done
for ext in ts html; do find src/app -name "*.$ext" -exec gsed -i 's/prod_price/price/g' {} \;; done
```


This source code is part of [Angular 8 Tutorial: Learn to Build Angular 8 CRUD Web App](https://www.djamware.com/post/5d0eda6f80aca754f7a9d1f5/angular-8-tutorial-learn-to-build-angular-8-crud-web-app)

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.3.3.

### Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

### Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

### Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

### Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

### Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

### Update Angular 17 Diary

* Check https://angular.dev/update-guide?v=16.0-17.0&l=2
* Angular v17 supports Zone.js version 0.14.x or later.

```
nvm install v22.21.0 && nvm use v22.21.0
ng update @angular/core@17 @angular/cli@17
The installed Angular CLI version is outdated.
Installing a temporary Angular CLI versioned 17.3.17 to perform the update.
                 Package "@angular-eslint/schematics" has an incompatible peer dependency to "@angular/cli" (requires ">= 16.0.0 < 17.0.0", would install "17.3.17").
using --force
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular-devkit/build-angular @ "17.3.17" (was "16.2.16")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/cli @ "17.3.17" (was "16.2.16")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/compiler-cli @ "17.3.12" (was "16.2.12")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/language-service @ "17.3.12" (was "16.2.12")...
    Updating package.json with dependency typescript @ "5.4.5" (was "4.9.5")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/animations @ "17.3.12" (was "16.2.12")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/common @ "17.3.12" (was "16.2.12")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/compiler @ "17.3.12" (was "16.2.12")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/core @ "17.3.12" (was "16.2.12")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/forms @ "17.3.12" (was "16.2.12")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/platform-browser @ "17.3.12" (was "16.2.12")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/platform-browser-dynamic @ "17.3.12" (was "16.2.12")...
    Updating package.json with dependency @angular/router @ "17.3.12" (was "16.2.12")...
UPDATE package.json (3796 bytes)      

✔ Packages successfully installed.
** Executing migrations of package '@angular/cli' **

❯ Replace usages of '@nguniversal/builders' with '@angular-devkit/build-angular'.
  Migration completed (No changes made).

❯ Replace usages of '@nguniversal/' packages with '@angular/ssr'.
  Migration completed (No changes made).

❯ Replace deprecated options in 'angular.json'.
UPDATE angular.json (3335 bytes)
  Migration completed (1 file modified).

❯ Add 'browser-sync' as dev dependency when '@angular-devkit/build-angular:ssr-dev-server' is used, as it is no longer a direct dependency of '@angular-devkit/build-angular'.
  Migration completed (No changes made).

** Executing migrations of package '@angular/core' **

❯ Angular v17 introduces a new control flow syntax that uses the @ and } characters.
  This migration replaces the existing usages with their corresponding HTML entities.
  Migration completed (No changes made).

❯ Updates `TransferState`, `makeStateKey`, `StateKey` imports from `@angular/platform-browser` to `@angular/core`.
  Migration completed (No changes made).

❯ CompilerOption.useJit and CompilerOption.missingTranslation are unused under Ivy.
  This migration removes their usage
  Migration completed (No changes made).

❯ Updates two-way bindings that have an invalid expression to use the longform expression instead.
  Migration completed (No changes made).

```
```
make test
Test Suites: 4 skipped, 57 passed, 57 of 61 total
Tests:       4 skipped, 76 passed, 80 total
Snapshots:   0 total
Time:        9.082 s
Ran all test suites.
✨  Done in 10.24s.  
✖
```
```
make build
/src/app/shared/components/common.component.scss?ngResource - Error: Module build failed (from ./node_modules/sass-loader/dist/cjs.js):
Can't find stylesheet to import.
   ╷
15 │ @import 'node_modules/@angular/material/theming';
   │         ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
   ╵
  src/app/shared/components/common.component.scss 15:9  root stylesheet
```
Also test will fail once upgrading angular material and angular cdk to 17.3.10

Error in Production Build
```
dishes.component.ts:53 
ERROR TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'addHandler')
    at core.mjs:976:42
    at Array.forEach (<anonymous>)
    at X0.setupTriggerEvents (core.mjs:975:27)
    at t._setupTriggerEventsIfEnabled (core.mjs:1212:34)
    at t.ngOnInit (core.mjs:1172:14)
    at zt (core.mjs:5136:14)
    at ti (core.mjs:5163:13)
    at Ge (core.mjs:5118:17)
    at rt (core.mjs:5068:9)
    at AD (core.mjs:12806:21)
```
```
RippleRenderer._eventManager.addHandler(this._ngZone, type, element, this);
```

Troubleshooting tips: https://balramchavan.medium.com/troubleshooting-angular-production-build-errors-uncaught-typeerror-cannot-read-properties-of-f84af0de873

set sourceMap to true in angular.json (for debugging only)
Workaround 1: Set "optimization": false in `angular.json` (error is gone).
Tip: optimization either takes a boolean or  an object to fine-tune optimizations.
It's sufficient to disable optimization for scripts (see [workspace configuration](https://angular.dev/reference/configs/workspace-config#optimization-configuration))
BUT: main.js size will be doubled

Workaround 2: Keep script optimization to true, and only disable buildOptimizer!
Also fixes the problem, but the resulting main.js file will be much smaller (but not as small as with "buildOptimizer": true). false seems to be the default value, so we could also remove it. 
See also [Runtime errors when using buildOptimizer. JIT compilation broken](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/issues/17663)

```
 "optimization": {
    "scripts": true,
    "styles": true,
    "fonts": true
  },
 "buildOptimizer": false,
 
```


### Update Angular Material 17

```
$ ng update @angular/material@17
Node.js version v25.2.1 detected.
Odd numbered Node.js versions will not enter LTS status and should not be used for production. For more information, please see https://nodejs.org/en/about/previous-releases/.
Using package manager: yarn
Collecting installed dependencies...
Found 44 dependencies.
Fetching dependency metadata from registry...
Updating package.json with dependency @angular/cdk @ "17.3.10" (was "16.2.14")...
Updating package.json with dependency @angular/material @ "17.3.10" (was "16.2.14")...
UPDATE package.json (3796 bytes)
✔ Packages successfully installed.
** Executing migrations of package '@angular/cdk' **

❯ Updates the Angular CDK to v17.

      ✓  Updated Angular CDK to version 17

Migration completed (No changes made).

** Executing migrations of package '@angular/material' **

❯ Updates Angular Material to v17.
Cannot update to Angular Material v17 because the project is using the legacy Material components
that have been deleted. While Angular Material v16 is compatible with Angular v17, it is recommended
to switch away from the legacy components as soon as possible because they no longer receive bug fixes,
accessibility improvements and new features.

    Read more about migrating away from legacy components: https://material.angular.io/guide/mdc-migration
```



### Update Angular 16 Diary

* Jest ^29 -> OK (but "ts-jest[versions] (WARN) Version 29.7.0 of jest installed has not been tested with ts-jest. If you're experiencing issues, consider using a supported version (>=28.0.0 <29.0.0-0). Please do not report issues in ts-jest if you are using unsupported versions" but ts-jest 29.1 is latest)
* jest-preset-angular 12 -> 13 also no problem but
```
* $ npx jest
  Determining test suites to run...
  ngcc-jest-processor: running ngcc
  Processing legacy "View Engine" libraries:
- ngx-web-storage [main/commonjs] (git+https://github.com/tim-kuteev/ngx-web-storage.git)
- Encourage the library authors to publish an Ivy distribution.
```
* zone.js must be <14 for angular 15 @angular/core@15.2.9" has incorrect peer dependency "zone.js@~0.11.4 || ~0.12.0 || ~0.13.0"
* https://angular.io/guide/update-to-version-16 and https://update.angular.io/?v=15.0-16.0
* ake sure that you are using a supported version of TypeScript before you upgrade your application. Angular v16 supports TypeScript version 4.9.3 or later.
* Make sure that you are using a supported version of Zone.js before you upgrade your application. Angular v16 supports Zone.js version 0.13.x or later.
* Due to the removal of the Angular Compatibility Compiler (ngcc) in v16, projects on v16 and later no longer support View Engine libraries.

```
ng update --allow-dirty @angular/cdk  @angular/core  @angular/material @angular/youtube-player  @angular/cli @angular-eslint/schematics
```
